.nuget/README.md, before:

# Deve
Welcome to the **.NET DEVEloper Template**! This project serves as a starting point for developers who need to create applications with data access requirements. The template is designed to be flexible and adaptable, allowing you to change data access strategies without needing to overhaul the entire project.

![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teracat/Deve/7b806e42665b5ead5e87f176c6a6bf8b0d130c1d/diagram.png)

## Installation

Check the [Step-by-Step Installation Guide](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Installation#step-by-step-installation-guide) in the Wiki section.

## Changelog & Roadmap

To stay up to date with the latest updates and changes to the project, you can check out our [Changelog](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Changelog) and [Roadmap](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Roadmap) in the Wiki section of the repository.

## Client Samples

Client app samples are provided to show how to use the Core or the Sdk + Api to access the data. More information in the [Wiki](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Client) section.

## Wiki

Read the documentation in the [Wiki](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki) section for more information.

## Contributing

If you find any errors or something that could be improved, please let me know by opening a new [Issue](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/issues) or [Discussion](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/discussions).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Updated Wiki links in the READMEs

.nuget/README.md, after:

# Deve
Welcome to the **.NET DEVEloper Template**! This project serves as a starting point for developers who need to create applications with data access requirements. The template is designed to be flexible and adaptable, allowing you to change data access strategies without needing to overhaul the entire project.

![Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/teracat/Deve/7b806e42665b5ead5e87f176c6a6bf8b0d130c1d/diagram.png)

## Installation

Check the [Step-by-Step Installation Guide](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Installation#step-by-step-installation-guide) in the Wiki section.

## Versions & Changelog

To stay up to date with the latest changes and updates to the project, check out the [Changelog](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Changelog).  
For more details about the available versions, see the [Versions](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Versions) page.  

## Client Samples

Client app samples are provided to show how to use the Core or the Sdk + Api to access the data. More information in the [Wiki](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki/Client) section.

## Wiki

Read the documentation in the [Wiki](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/wiki) section for more information.

## Contributing

If you find any errors or something that could be improved, please let me know by opening a new [Issue](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/issues) or [Discussion](https://github.com/teracat/Deve/discussions).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
